---
title: Struggle! Struggle!
date: 2005-11-09
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Struggle! Struggle!

For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, 
but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world 
and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
- Ephesians 6:12

Time management is the crucial training of 'War on Habit'.
Because the enemy, the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for me to devour,
I cannot ease the tension always.
The powers of this dark world patrol around to swallow my commited devotion towards the Lord.
I strive to accomplish the calling without blemish, which was apparently given to me.
Those who are in Christ Jesus shall have only overwhelming victories in their life,
if indeed they would renounce the evil and struggle themselves 
with the spear of the scriptures and the armour of truth.

Following Jonathan Edwards' continuous efforts, from now on, I'll record my whole time with honesty
even though it has some embarrasing time.
I'm certain that it'll be far more beneficial than beholding to my time.
Time is the most precious thing the Lord grant me. 

-------
Tuesday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 6hr + Nap 30min + Routine 1hr + Meal 1.5hr
-Meditation 1hr+15min=Romans 8
-Prayer 20min
-Reading 30min=Jonathan Edwards "Personal Narrative"
-Study 6hr=Lecture 1hr, GRE 3hr and Algorithm 2hr
-Internet 2.5hr=Finding articles, Mailcheck, and Cyworld
[IRREGULAR]
-Chatter 1hr
-Overseas call 30min - Parents, Esther
[NEEDLESS]
-daydreaming 30min
-sleeplessness 2hr <-caution


 댓글 하나 달렸습니다.

- 
 pil.han@gmail.com `2005.11.09 09:40`: 
인터넷 시간을 줄이고, 기도시간을 늘리자. 어영부영하는 시간을 줄이고, 수면시간을 늘리자.




