---
title: Joshua
date: 2005-11-23
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Array

From today, I made a beginning of reading Joshua.
In Joshua chapter 1 we read of highly stimulating and encouraging verses.
After the death of Moses, the Lord commanded to Joshua that he be the leader of Israelites 
for the sake of Israelites' crossing the Jordan river and making an enterance to the land the Lord promised.
And the Lord inspired and comforted Joshua primarily.

"Be strong and courageous, because you will lead these people to inherit the land I swore to their forefathers to give them. Be strong and very courageous. Be careful to obey all the law my servant Moses gave you." Joshua 1:6-7

What's really cool about these commandment is that the Lord didn't let Joshua alone to carry out and attain such significant achivement.
He incessantly comforted and reassured Joshua to have intrepid and gallant manner.(Besides He promised over and over through the unchanging covenent that was arranged between Moses and the Lord.)

Everyday,everytime,everywhere
God was adding his encouragement and backing to us.
I'm certain that merciful and generous God also faithfully works for the students of students who will take the College Ability Test today.

"Do not be terrified; Do not be discouraged, for the Lord your God will be with you wherever you go."

-------
Tuesday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 9.5hr(excessively slept) + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 40min=Joshua/Reassurance of God
-Prayer 30min
-Study 6hr=Lecture 1hr, GRE 3hr and Database 1.5hr
-Internet 2hr=WKD, Mailcheck and Cyworld
[IRREGULAR]
-Tesco 2hr
-Overseas call 30min=with Esther
-Mailcheck 20min=really cumbersome system!!!


 댓글  2개가 달렸습니다.
 혜영 2005.11.24 11:04 신고   
GT 9-11월을 참고하면 좋을 듯~ (아마 맞을거얌. &gt;.&lt;)
 pil.han@gmail.com 2005.11.25 08:30 신고   
고맙습니다! 진심으로




