---
title: Lending credence
date: 2005-11-21
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Documenting and conveying thoughts and experiences is not the core value of people.
Even film or photographs, either taken or they took, cannot display or express themselves entirely.
It's the mere activity in that it doesn't contain what they really have, think or behave.
It's all mercurial and unsubstantial. 
Worse than the fact, there may be a possibility of existence 
of hypocracy for the sake of having pride over others.

Insofar as I exprienced, the thing lending credence is not the written account or visualised images
in the Blog, Minihompy, or personal website,
but the behavior and soul-searching of theirs that are revealed in the actual world.

Due to this reason,
I seldom credit the written or recorded traces posted on such media, especially on Cyworld.
It eventually became the commercial market-place of selling personal images.
Frankly speaking, WKD.net is not quite different - sadly.
Probably this characteristic is the malfunction of mass-contactable media : the Internet.

Please do not trust or accept all things in WKD.


-------
Sunday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 8hr + Nap 40min + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 20min=Galatians 5
-Prayer 20min
-Study 4hr=Java Graphics 
-Internet 3.5hr=Finding articles, Mailcheck, and Cyworld
-Sunday Service and communion 6hr
[IRREGULAR]
-Time for meeting Lola and Joaquin 30min=Bedford
[NEEDLESS]
-Distraction 1hr


 






