---
title: Without love
date: 2005-12-01
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



If I could speak in any language in heaven or on earth but didn't love others, I would only be making meaningless noise like a loud gong or a clanging cymbal.
If I had the gift of prophecy, and if I knew all the mysteries of the future and knew everything about everything, but didn't love others, What good would I be?
And if I had the gift of faith so that I could speak to a mountain and make it move, without love I would be no good to anybody.
If I gave everything I have to the poor and even sacrificed my body, I could boast about it; but if I didn't love others, I would be of no value whatsoever. (1 Corinthians 8:1-3 NLT)

Paul gave us the serious speech. He never said that "after doing something, then love it"
(Insofar as Paul is the apostle of Christ, I believe that his teaching is sagacious and rational eternally.)
He said like "Without love, only foolishness remains or nothing is left."
Is it possible to imagine? If we would achieve the great accomplishment with sacrificial devotion and self-denial efforts, but we might not work without love,

It's nothing but folly.

Great statement of Paul. Great teaching.
Love overwhelms everything which has been created all over the world and universe.

PS: I am deeply sad today.

-------
Wednesday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 6hr + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 40min=Joshua/Achan's sin against the Lord
-Prayer 1hr
-Study 7.5hr=Lecture 1hr, GRE 3hr, Information Security 1.5hr, Insessional Project 2hr
-Internet 1hr=WKD, Mailcheck and Cyworld
[IRREGULAR]
-Nap 1hr


 






