---
title: Perseverence of saints
date: 2005-12-09
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



This is the concept of John Calvin(a french reformist).

We, the saints, are obliged to obey the righteous law of the Spirit spirit everyday although it is humdrum or banal. It is especially adaptable when it comes to our daily life not a special event or trial. We relatively have meager interest or attraction towards our daily life but nobody in this great history behave like that.

In the recent journey to Joshua, I found out many things in particular on the behavior and response of Israelites. On many cases, they followed the calling and instruction of the Lord, but today they violated the covenent between God and polity.

"The men of Israel sampled their provisions but did not enquire of the Lord. Then Joshua made a treaty of peace with them to let them live, and the leaders of the assembly ratified it by oath." -Joshua 9:14

It can be assumed as a fluke but more serious thing is that leadership of Israel went wrong just before the crucial domination of whole land. It's much similar our daily life. When we think and regard this is sufficient! - we became proud and conceited.

Both of pride and intemperance have the same root. If we are a saint through accepting Jesus, let's conduct in perseverance everyday by enquiring of the Lord.

PS:The deadline was extended. Thanks God.
     The principle of triumph is everlasting and for ever.

-------
Wednesday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 7hr + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 40min=Joshua/The deception of Gibeonites
-Prayer 30min
-Study 8hr=Lecture 1hr, English 7hr
-Internet 1hr=WKD, Mailcheck and Cyworld
-BBC10 40min
[IRREGULAR]
-Nap 2hr
[NEEDLESS]
-Worry 30min


 






