---
title: Remember the Blood
date: 2005-11-13
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Array

Every 11 Nov is not the Pepero day in here.
This day is the day to remember the blood of decent ancestors passing away during the 1st, 2nd War.

Many countries have a special day to remember those that fell in their wars; 
Korea has the Memorial Day(Hyunchoong), America has Veterans Day, while France has Armistice Day.
The British commemorate those who fought, and are still fighting, 
in wars for their country on Remembrance Day.

Remembrance Day is also known as Poppy Day, because it is traditional to wear an artificial poppy.
Almost all britishs are attaching a small artificial poppy near their heart.
Sometimes it looks apples but the meaning of the poppy is very grave and significant
in that it symbolises the sovereign country, liberated people, and unified heart.

The veterans were eager to protect the freedom, liberty and independence.
They are worthy of respect by all of the descendents.

Blood means liberty.

How about the Blood of the Lord?
Through it, we are set free against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.
It's perfect metaphor of love, liberty and self-sacrifice, redemption as well. 
We have to remember it.


-------
Saturday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 7hr + Routine 30min + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 30min=Galatians-I have been crucified with Christ.
-Prayer 20min
-Study 1hr=Algorithm 1hr
-Internet 2.5hr=Editing photos,reading articles, Mailcheck, and Cyworld
[IRREGULAR]
-Royal Holloway Free Trip 10hr
-Watching BBC One 2hr=Rememberance Day Event


 






