---
title: 엔지니어 윤리강령
date: 2005-07-14
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



[ENGINEER] CODE OF ETHICS 

1. FOREWORD 
Honesty, justice and courtesy form a moral philosophy which, associated with mutual interest among people, constitute the foundation of ethics.  Engineers should recognize such a standard, not in passive observance, but as a set of dynamic principles guiding their conduct and way of life.  It is their duty to practice the profession according to the Act and the By-Laws including this Code of Ethics. 

As the keystone of professional conduct is integrity, engineers shall discharge their duties with fidelity to the public, their employers and clients and with fairness and impartiality to all.  It is their duty to interest themselves in public welfare and to be ready to apply their special knowledge for the benefit of humanity.  They should uphold the honour and dignity of the professional and also avoid association with any enterprise of questionable character.  In dealings with other engineers they should be fair and tolerant. 


2. PROFESSIONAL LIFE: 

2.1 Engineers shall cooperate in extending the effectiveness of the engineering profession by interchanging information and experience with other engineers and students and by contributing to the work of engineering societies, schools and the scientific and engineering press. 

2.2 Engineers shall encourage engineering employees to improve their knowledge and education. 

2.3 Engineers shall strive to broaden their knowledge and experience by keeping abreast of new techniques and developments in their areas of endeavor. 

2.4  Engineers shall report to the Association observed violations of the Engineering Profession Act or breaches of this Code of Ethics. 

2.5  Engineers shall observe the rules of professional conduct which apply in the country in which they practice.  If there are no such rules, they shall observe those established by this Code of Ethics. 

2.6 Engineers shall not advertise their work or merit in a self-laudatory manner and will avoid all conduct or practice likely to discredit or do injury to the dignity and honour of the profession. 

2.7.  Engineers shall not advertise or represent themselves in an unprofessional manner by making misleading statements regarding their qualifications or experience. 


3. RELATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC 

3.1  Engineers shall endeavour to extend public knowledge of engineering and will discourage the spreading of untrue, unfair and exaggerate statements regarding engineering. 

3.2  Engineers shall have ?regard for the safety of life, health and welfare of the public and employees who may be affected by the work for which they are responsible. 

3.3  Engineers, when giving testimony before a court, commission or other tribunal, shall express opinions only when they are founded on adequate knowledge and honest conviction. 

3.4 Engineers shall not issue ex parte statements, criticism or arguments on matters connected with public policy which are inspired or paid for by private interests, unless it is indicated on whose behalf the arguments are made. 

3.5  Engineers shall refrain from expressing publicly opinions on engineering subjects unless they are informed of the facts relating thereto. 


4. RELATIONS WITH CLIENTS AND EMPLOYEES 

4.1  Engineers shall act in professional matters for clients or employers as faithful agents or trustees. 

4.2  Engineers shall act with fairness and justice between the client or employer and the contractor when dealing with contracts. 

4.3 Engineers shall make their status clear to clients or employers before undertaking engagements if they are called upon to decide on the use of inventions, apparatus, etc. in which they may have a financial interest. 

4.4  Engineers shall ensure that the extent of their responsibility is fully understood by each client before accepting a commission. 

4.5  Engineers shall undertake only such work as they are competent to perform by virtue of their training and experience. 

4.6  Engineers shall not sign or seal drawings, specifications, plans, reports or other documents pertaining to engineering works or systems unless actually prepared or verified by them or under their direct supervision. 

4.7  Engineers shall guard against conditions that are dangerous or threatening to life, limb or property.  On work for which they are not responsible, they shall promptly call such conditions to the attention of those who are responsible. 

4.8  Engineers shall present clearly the consequences to be expected if their engineering judgement is overruled. 

4.9  Engineers shall engage, or advise clients or employers to engage and shall cooperate with other experts and specialists whenever the clients` or employers` interests are best served by such service. 

4.10  Engineers shall not disclose information concerning the business affairs or technical processes of clients or employers without their consent. 

4.11   Engineers shall not accept compensation, financial or otherwise, from more than one interested party for the same service, or for services pertaining to the same work, without the consent of all interested parties. 

4.12  Engineers shall not accept commissions or allowances, directly or indirectly, from contractors or other parties dealing with clients or employers in connection with work for which they are responsible. 

4.13  Engineers shall not be financially interested in bids as contractors on work for which they are engaged as engineers unless they have the consent of the client or employer. 

4.14  Engineers shall promptly disclose to clients or employers any interest in a business which may compete with or affect the business of the client or employer.  They shall not allow an interest in any business to affect their decision regarding engineering work for which they are employed, or which they may be called upon to perform. 

4.15  Engineers serving as members of any public body shall not act as vendors of goods or services to that body without disclosure of their interest. 

4.16  Engineers shall respect the right of employees to voice their professional concerns in an appropriate manner about engineering works which they believe to be dangerous or threatening to life, or property. 


5.  RELATIONS WITH ENGINEERS 

5.1  Engineers shall endeavor to protect the engineering profession collectively and individually from misrepresentation and misunderstanding. 

5.2  Engineers shall take care that credit for engineering 잭 is given to those to whom credit is properly due. 

5.3  When an engineer uses a design supplied by a client or by a consultant, the design remains the property of the client or consultant and should not be duplicated by the engineer without the express permission of the client or consultant. 

5.4  Engineers shall uphold the principles of appropriate and adequate compensation for those engaged in engineering work, including those in subordinate capacity, as being in the public interest and maintaining the standards of the profession. 

5.5  Engineers shall not accept financial or other considerations, including free engineering designs, from material or equipment suppliers in return for specifying their product. 

5.6  Engineers shall not solicit or accept an engineering engagement that requires the engineer to give a preconceived conclusion or opinion. 

5.7  Engineers shall endeavor to provide opportunity for the professional development and advancement of engineers in their employ. 

5.8  Engineers shall not directly or indirectly injure the professional reputation, prospects or practice of other engineers.  However, if they consider that an engineer is guilty of unethical, illegal or unfair practice, they shall present the information to the proper authority for action. 

5.9  The engineer shall exercise ?restraint in criticizing another engineer`s work in public, recognizing that the engineering societies and the engineering press provide the proper forum for technical discussions and criticism. 

5.10  An engineer shall not try to supplant another engineer in a particular employment after becoming aware that definite steps have been taken toward the other`s employment. 

5.11 An engineer shall not compete with another engineer by reducing normal fees after having been informed of the charges 



