---
title: Thought
date: 2005-11-28
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Array

1.
Today I saw Jesus in a pure child.
The boy is Gregory, the son of Tony.

And he said: "I tell you the truth, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven.
Therefore, whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven" (Matthew 18:3-4)


2.
Array
Service of Jiguchon Church, Korea

When I consider the blessed, I often found out they are utterly different from what we generally said in this world.

Blessed is the man who does not walk in the counsel of the wicked or stand in the way of sinners or sit in the seat of mockers. (Psalm 1:1)
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. (Matthew 5:3)
Blessed are you when people insult you, persecute you and falsely say all kinds of evil against you because of me. (Matthew 5:22)

Merciful God really hope to exalt everyone to the fullness of Christ.
But the crux of blessing is whether we have prepared attitudes of receiving or not.
Neither the unprepared nor the reluctant sadly perceive mercy or blessing of God.
Nevertheless, unfailing mercy is, without a break, granted us regardless of our present emotion or circumstance, irrespective of non-believers or believers.

3.
Array
Family of Christ Church of Virginia Water in Tony's

Yeah, it was fabulous. Thank you indeed.

-------
Lord's day
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 7hr + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hr
-Meditation 40min=Joshua/The 
-Prayer 30min
-Service 2hr
-Lunch 3hr=in Tony's house
-Study 3hr=GRE
-Internet 2hr=Finding articles, Mailcheck, and Cyworld
[NEEDLESS]
-Web surfing 1hr

I realised that time which is consumed for bloging and websurfing is excessively redundant.


 






