---
title: Thought
date: 2006-01-13
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



Array

Though I am not quite accustomed to Rev.Jeon's reckless style, 
this book contains hosts of wisdom that enlightens the preciousness of the dawn because it gives us  ideas of some specific events which happened in the dawn; for instance, the time of Jericho's collapse, division of Red Sea, and grant of Commandments in Mt.Sinai- I was really unaware of time of these events.

Rev.Jeon's style is somewhat straightforward towards the readers so that sometimes it fails to substantiate logic of assertions, but often it enables us to understand clearly and behave boldly. (I, rather, prefer Rev.Lee's style because of his shrewd and metaphorical narration.)

Do you want to be prayerful especially in the morning?
This book could give aid to you- 

-Thankful Points just before starting of the 2nd term-
0. I appreciate you God in that you are who you are.
1. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to finish the GRE test.
2. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to wake up in the morning early. 
3. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to meet your people in faith.
4. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to amend my courses of next term.
5. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to worship you and be given your grace.
6. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to have a time to read the great books.
7. I appreciate you God in that you allow me to study in England.

-------
Thursday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 6hrs + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hrs
-Meditation 1hr=Hosea / an adulterous wife and hopeful messages
-Prayer 1hr
-Study 6hrs=Reviewing
-Internet 4hrs
-Tea Time with Helen 1hr
[IRREGULAR]
-Course Organising 30mins
-Clearing 30mins


 






