---
title: Book of Hosea
date: 2006-01-15
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---



The Book of Hosea is the first book of the "Minor prophets.", known to Christians not as famous as the Gospel but it still gives enormous wisdom and insight for our life.

In terms of context of God's Big Picture, the primary theme of Book of Hosea is that God loves Israel, just as a man loves his wife although her adulterousness. This is distinctively shown by the extended metaphor of Hosea's own marriage-somewhat disgraceful because he was faithful and his wife was mundane.
Such love is really amazing! Can we imagine that we can love our partner who totally betrayed us so that the relationship between them became nothing but bad and superficial one-

Chapter two describes a divorce. (from verse 2 to 14- the punishment of her behaviour and infidelity towards God) This divorce SEEMS to be the end of the covenent between the Lord and us -i.e between Hosea and his wife. Nevertheless, Hosea ends his prophecy with the glorious and grateful declaration that the Lord will one day renew the covenent which cannot be violated by anything, and will allure(c2v14) and rehabilitate his people back again.

The greatest verse in Hosea, I think, is c2v21. 
"I will plant her for myself in the land;
I will show my love to the one I called 'Not my loved one'.
I will say to those called 'Not my people', 'You are my people';
and they will say, 'You are my God.'"

Jesus! It's amazing.

-------
Saturday
[REGULAR]
-Sleeping 6hrs + Routine 1hr + Meal 2hrs
-Prayer 1hr
-Internet 3hrs
[IRREGULAR]
-Men's Breakfast 2hrs
-Clearing 30mins
-Shopping in Staines 4hrs / Thank you Paul! (Leave your trace-)
-Korean Prayer meeting 2.5hrs


 






