---
title: eternity
date: 2006-04-10
author: ~
#draft: true
categories:
  - personal
tag:
  - personal
---





As Mr.Warren said, our life is preparation to eternity. 
Also, we all were made for a mission which is given to all those who belong to Christ.
Because eternity is given not by our own endeavour, but by His gracious mercy,
we are responsible for broadening range of people who prepares eternity that God truly wants.

Jesus said "it is better for you to enter (there) than... "  two times in Matthew 18. Jesus often used a repetition of his speech on behalf of giving an emphasis to it.

" If your hand or your foot causes you to sin cut it off and throw it away.
It is better for you to enter life maimed or crippled than to have two hands or two feet and be thrown into eternal fire.
And if your causes you to sin, gouge it out and throw it away.
It is better for you to enter life with one eye than two eyes and be thrown into the fire of hell."

This is what Jesus really hope us to follow. 
What I was really surprised is that the expression Jesus used was serious and somewhat dreadful enough to be reluctant to.

" 
CUT IT OFF! and THROW IT AWAY!
GOUGE IT OUT! and THROW IT AWAY!
"

How scary it is!
But that's worthy of following and listening to because it is strongly related to our preparation to eternity. Can I obey those instructions? Surely it would be very tough and many times it may give me some hardship and burden. However, by Him, I can.

'This is the power of grace where I stand.'


 






